[otlp] Fix incorrect length handling of Status.Description exceeding 127 bytes (#6119)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol/CHANGELOG.md

  exports are correctly marked as successful.
  ([#6099](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/6099))

> * Fixed an issue where `Status.Description` exceeding 127 bytes resulted in
>   incorrect length encoding, leading to serialization errors. The length
>   encoding now correctly handles descriptions longer than 127 bytes, ensuring
>   accurate serialization and preventing related failures.
>   ([#](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issues causing trace exports to fail when
  `Activity.StatusDescription` exceeds 127 bytes.
  ([#6119](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/6119))
```

Wanted to make it clear it impacts tracing but also simplified a bit too. Just a suggestion feel free to take or not.
